swift-ci/README.md, before:

# Continuous Integration Docker images

Swift.org uses Docker based virtual build environment to build & qualify Swift toolchains on Linux.

The Continuous Integration system uses the Dockerfiles in this directory to define the virtual build environment,
then runs the build and qualification steps inside a docker container based on the image.

## Directory Structure

The Dockerfiles used for Continuous Integration are layed out under the top level `swift-ci` directory.
Under that, we have a directory for each of the target branches, e.g.
Continuous Integration for Swift's `master` branch uses the `swift-ci/master` Dockerfiles.

## Continuous Integration

This system is designed to support many distributions.
Once a working Dockerfile is added to this repository,
we set up Continuous Integration jobs to produce toolchains for the distribution and publish them on Swift.org.

## Local development & testing

First build & tag the Dockerfile:

```bash
docker build -f <dockerfile path> . -t <some tag>
```

Next run the Swift build using that Docker image

```bash
docker run \
  --cap-add=SYS_PTRACE \
  --security-opt seccomp=unconfined \
  -v <swift source location>:/source \
  -v <some docker volume name>:/home/build-user \
  -w /home/build-user/ \
  <docker image tag from above> \
  /bin/bash -lc "cp -r /source/* /home/build-user/; ./swift/utils/build-script --preset buildbot_linux"
```

## Contributions

Contributions via pull requests are welcome and encouraged :)

Focus on mainstream distributions such as Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora, CentOS, RedHat, etc.

Note that the build must run as non-root user.

Commit message:

Add a new Dockerfile for building Swift-DocC-Render-Artifact
Adds a new Dockerfile that can be used to generate a built version of Swift-DocC-Render in isolation. This allows developers interested in having an up-to-date version of Swift-DocC-Render to build one in an automated way without installing Node.

Developers can build a copy of Swift-DocC-Render at the given branch with the included helper script by running something like the following:

    ./build-swift-docc-render.sh \
        --branch <branch-in-swift-docc-render-repo> \
        --output-path <path-to-output-directory>

The helper script starts by building a new version of the included Docker container with caching disabled. It then copies out the built artifact to the given output directory, and deletes the created Docker container.

Resolves r81634420.

swift-ci/README.md, after:

# Continuous Integration Docker images

Swift.org uses Docker based virtual build environment to build & qualify Swift toolchains on Linux.

The Continuous Integration system uses the Dockerfiles in this directory to define the virtual build environment,
then runs the build and qualification steps inside a docker container based on the image.

## Directory Structure

The Dockerfiles used for Continuous Integration are layed out under the top level `swift-ci` directory.
Under that, we have a directory for each of the target branches, e.g.
Continuous Integration for Swift's `master` branch uses the `swift-ci/master` Dockerfiles.

There is also a specific directory (`swift-docc-render`) for the Dockerfile used to build Swift-DocC-Render. Swift-DocC-Render builds separately from the rest of the projects in the Swift toolchain and ships a pre-built copy for use in the toolchain in the Swift-DocC-Render-Artifact repository.

## Continuous Integration

This system is designed to support many distributions.
Once a working Dockerfile is added to this repository,
we set up Continuous Integration jobs to produce toolchains for the distribution and publish them on Swift.org.

## Local development & testing

First build & tag the Dockerfile:

```bash
docker build -f <dockerfile path> . -t <some tag>
```

Next run the Swift build using that Docker image

```bash
docker run \
  --cap-add=SYS_PTRACE \
  --security-opt seccomp=unconfined \
  -v <swift source location>:/source \
  -v <some docker volume name>:/home/build-user \
  -w /home/build-user/ \
  <docker image tag from above> \
  /bin/bash -lc "cp -r /source/* /home/build-user/; ./swift/utils/build-script --preset buildbot_linux"
```

## Contributions

Contributions via pull requests are welcome and encouraged :)

Focus on mainstream distributions such as Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora, CentOS, RedHat, etc.

Note that the build must run as non-root user.
